storage is best-effort (#1856)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-limits.md

## Storage plans

| Type of account                  | Public storage   | Private storage              |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Free user or org                 | Best-effort* 🙏  | 100GB                        |
| PRO                              | Unlimited* ✅    | 1TB + pay-as-you-go          |
| Team or Enterprise Organizations | Unlimited* ✅    | 1TB per seat + pay-as-you-go |

💡 [Team or Enterprise Organizations](https://huggingface.co/enterprise) include 1TB of private storage per seat in the subscription: for example, if your organization has 40 members, then you have 40TB of included private storage.

> \*We aim to continue providing the AI community with free storage space for public repositories, please don't abuse and upload dozens of TBs of content if it has limited interest to other users. In all cases, we ask that you consider upgrading to [PRO, Team or Enterprise](https://huggingface.co/pricing) whenever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*We aim to continue providing the AI community with free storage space for public repositories. Please use this resource responsibly by uploading content that offers genuine value to other users - not dozens of TBs with limited community interest. If you need substantial storage space, you should upgrade to [PRO, Team or Enterprise](https://huggingface.co/pricing).

```

Author: sounds good 👍
